samples: bluetooth: peripheral_mds: Add new testing scenario (#8935)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth samples
-----------------

* :ref:`peripheral_mds` sample:

  * Changed:

>     * Add documentation section about testing with the `nRF Memfault for Android`_ and the `nRF Memfault for iOS`_ mobile applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Added a section about testing with the `nRF Memfault for Android`_ and the `nRF Memfault for iOS`_ mobile applications to the documentation.
```
